Added the content item group block and section pages with images and svgs (#1200)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/content-group.mdx

| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | No       | 1         | –                                           | Only card link and local type allowed                                               |

For more information, see the
[character count standards](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards).

## Ready-to-use custom group components

| Component name                                                                                       | Relationship                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Card group](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/card-group)                             | Card group is a content group that includes a group of cards in the children container. A special derivative is card group with card in card.                                         |
> | [Content group cards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-cards)           | Content group cards is a content group that includes a group heading and description, along with a group of cards inside the children container.                                      |
> | [Content group pictograms](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-pictograms) | Content group pictograms is a content group with pictogram items inside the children container 1. It does not include a group level CTA.                                              |
> | [Content group simple](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)         | Content group simple includes two content items, first one with media and no CTA, and the second one without media but with a text link CTA. It also has a group level card link CTA. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Card group](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/card-group)                             | Card group is a content group that includes a group of cards in the child container. A special derivative is Card group with Card in card.                                         |
| [Content group cards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-cards)           | Content group cards is a content group that includes a group heading and description, along with a group of cards inside the child container.                                      |
| [Content group pictograms](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-pictograms) | Content group pictograms is a content group with pictogram items inside the primary child container. It does not include a group level CTA.                                              |
| [Content group simple](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)         | Content group simple includes two content items, first one with media and no CTA, and the second one without media but with a text link CTA. It also has a group level card link CTA. |
```
